This App knows the importance of personal information to you, and will do its best to protect your personal information safely and reliably. We are committed to maintaining your trust in us and protecting your personal information by abiding by the following principles: principle of consistent power and responsibility, principle of clear purpose, principle of choice consent, principle of least sufficient use, principle of ensuring safety, principle of subject participation, principle of openness and transparency, etc. At the same time, we promise that we will take appropriate security measures to protect your personal information in accordance with the industry's mature security standards. Please read and understand this privacy policy carefully before using our products (or services).
How do we collect and use your personal information
Personal information refers to all kinds of information recorded by electronic or other means that can independently or in combination with other information identify the identity of a specific natural person or reflect the activities of a specific natural person. We will only collect and use your personal information for the purposes set forth in this policy:
(I) to provide you with the purchase of tea
1. Business function 1: register as a user
To complete the account creation, you need to provide the following information: mobile phone number, created account and password.
The above information provided by you will continue to be used by us during your use of the service. When you log out, we will stop using and delete the above information.
The above information will be stored in the territory of the People's Republic of China. If cross-border transmission is required, we will obtain your authorization separately.
2. Business function 2: we show you all kinds of tea we sell
We show all kinds of tea
(ii) carry out internal data analysis and research, third-party SDK statistical services, and improve our products or services
We collect data based on your interactions with us and the choices you make, including your privacy Settings and the products and functions you use. We collect data may include the SDK/API/JS code version, browser, Internet service providers (isps), IP address, platform, timestamp, identifier, version of the application, the application distribution channels, independent device identifier, iOS advertising identifier (IDFA), android advertisers identifier, nic (MAC) address, international mobile equipment identification number (IMEI), equipment type, terminal manufacturers, terminal equipment operating system version, session start/stop time, local language, time zone and network status (WiFi, etc.), hard disk, CPU, and battery usage, etc.
We will seek your prior consent to use the information for other purposes not specified in this policy.
When we want to use the information collected for a specific purpose for other purposes, we will ask for your prior consent.
Ii. How do we share, transfer and publicly disclose your personal information
(I) sharing
We will not share your personal information with any other company, organization or individual, except for the following:
1. Sharing with express consent: after obtaining your express consent, we will share your personal information with other parties.
2. We may share your personal information in accordance with laws and regulations or mandatory requirements of government authorities.
3. Sharing with our affiliates: your personal information may be Shared with our affiliates. We will only share necessary personal information for the purposes stated in this privacy policy. If the affiliated company wants to change the purpose of processing personal information, it will ask for your authorization again.

4. Sharing with authorized partners: some of our services will be provided by authorized partners only for the purposes stated in this privacy policy. We may share some of your personal information with partners to provide better customer service and user experience. For example, companies we employ to provide third-party data statistics and analysis services may need to collect and access personal data for data statistics and analysis. In this case, these companies must comply with our data privacy and security requirements. We will only share your personal information for legal, legitimate, necessary, specific and specific purposes and will only share such personal information as is necessary to provide services.
(2) assignment
We will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization or individual, except for the following:
1. Transfer by express consent: upon your express consent, we will transfer your personal information to other parties;
2. In the event of a merger, acquisition or bankruptcy liquidation, such as the transfer of personal information, we will require new companies and organizations holding your personal information to continue to be subject to this privacy policy, otherwise we will require the company or organization to seek your authorization again.
(3) public disclosure
We will only publicly disclose your personal information if:
1. After obtaining your express consent;
2. Law-based disclosure: we may disclose your personal information publicly under the mandatory requirements of laws, legal procedures, lawsuits or competent government authorities.
3. How do we protect your personal information
(a) we have used industry-standard security measures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage or loss. We will take all reasonable measures to protect your personal information. For example, data (such as credit card information) exchanged between your browser and the service is protected by SSL encryption; We also provide HTTPS for secure browsing of our sites; We will use encryption to ensure the confidentiality of the data; We will use trusted protection against malicious attacks on our data; We will deploy access control mechanisms to ensure that only authorized personnel have access to personal information. In addition, we will conduct security and privacy protection training courses to enhance employees' awareness of the importance of protecting personal information.
(b) we will take all reasonably practicable measures to ensure that irrelevant personal information is not collected. We will only retain your personal information for as long as is necessary to achieve the purposes stated in the cost policy, unless the retention period is extended or permitted by law.
(c) the Internet is not an absolutely secure environment, and E-mail, instant messaging and communication with other users are not encrypted. We strongly recommend that you do not send personal information through such means. Please use complex passwords to help us secure your account.
(iv) the Internet environment is not 100% secure. We will try our best to ensure or guarantee the security of any information you send us. If our physical, technical, or management protection facilities are damaged, resulting in unauthorized access, public disclosure, tampering, or destruction of information, resulting in damage to your legitimate rights and interests, we will assume the corresponding legal responsibility.
(v) after an unfortunate personal information security incident occurs, we will timely inform you of the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the measures we have taken or will take to deal with it, the Suggestions you can take to prevent and reduce risks, and the remedial measures for you, etc. in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations. We will timely inform you of the relevant information by email, letter, phone call, push notification and other means. When it is difficult to inform the subject of personal information one by one, we will release the announcement in a reasonable and effective manner.
At the same time, we will also comply with the requirements of the regulatory authorities, take the initiative to report the handling of personal information security incidents.
Your rights
In accordance with the relevant laws, regulations and standards of China and the common practices of other countries and regions, we guarantee that you exercise the following rights with respect to your personal information:
(I) access to your personal information
You have the right to access your personal information, except for the exceptions stipulated by laws and regulations. If you want to exercise your data access rights, you can do so yourself by:
Account information -- if you wish to access or edit the personal information and payment information in your account, change your password, add security information or close your account, you can perform such operations by accessing the App.
5. How to update this privacy policy
We may adjust or change this privacy policy in due course. Any update of this privacy policy will be published on our website with the updated time. Unless otherwise required by laws, regulations or regulatory regulations, the adjusted or changed content will take effect 7 days after notice or publication. If you continue to use any of our services or visit our relevant websites after the privacy policy is adjusted or changed, we believe that you have fully read, understood and accepted the revised privacy policy and are bound by it.
How to contact us
If you have any questions, comments or Suggestions on this privacy policy, please contact us at schornakmorin@gmail.com:

Normally, we will reply within 30 days.
